disconnect the washing machine from the outlet
before working on it open the panel
higher
remove the front panel
leaning the washing machine against the wall and
make sure it will not fall
on top move the engine
and disconnect these two wires
make a bridge wire like this
with this the wire of the bridge between
two wires and put insulating tape
lower the washing machine and treat it in the cycle
of centrifugation if the engine works well
with the bridge wire
then the overload switch
the engine is bad and you have to
replace the engine I do not think you can
get the switch only if the
engine does not run with the bridge wire
instead of the surcharge switch the
problem can be in another piece in the
motor circuit
you have to check the engine to see
if it runs or not do not continue running the
washing machine with the bridge wire since
it is dangerous
disconnect the two wires from
switch
put a multimeter on the scale more
low to read together
everything is a reading between the two
switch terminals the multimeter
from bel-air close to zero or less
if you read infinity the switch is bad
and you have to replace the engine
if this video helps you fix your
washing machine and you can make a small
donation to help me produce more
videos in Spanish I will be very
grateful
to see more free videos visit my
website at the following address